Fix the error in the URL (#643)
vocodedev/vocode-core: docs/hosted-quickstart.mdx

# Hosted Walkthrough

> Once you have Vocode installed, we suggest going through the [Hosted Walkthrough](/setting-up-number) which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have Vocode installed, we suggest going through the [Hosted Walkthrough](/walkthrough_intro) which will
```
